Supplemental data public docs (#477)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/integrations/accounting/quickbooksonline/accounting-quickbooksonline.md

For more details about the supported data types and operations, see [QuickBooks Online integration reference](/integrations/accounting/quickbooksonline/quickbooks-online-integration-reference).

:::tip Supplemental data

> This integration supports the ability to fetch or create additional fields within our standard data types. Read more about [supplemental data](/using-the-api/supplemental-data/overview) and how you can pull it for this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration supports the ability to include additional fields within our standard data types when fetching, creating or updating records. Read more about [supplemental data](/using-the-api/supplemental-data/overview) and how you can pull it for this integration.
```
